Not everyone can be a regular bike commuter. Many people enjoy biking but don’t own a bike. The appearance of bike-sharing solved these problems. The concept of bike-share programs is aimed at providing a fun, healthy, low-cost transportation option for locals and visitors. A bike-sharing system is a shared transport service in which bikes are made available for shared use to individuals in a short term for a price or free. In recent years, the bike-sharing system has become more and more popular in an increasing number of cities all over the world. Therefore, improving the bike-sharing system based on the previous data is meaningful and necessary.
How do bike-share programs work? Bikes and stations are the most important physical elements of any bike-sharing system. A bike-sharing system usually provides several rideable types of bikes for customers to choose from. Each station has a number of docks used to store and lock bikes. For profitable bike-sharing companies or runners, membership and usage fees are both important factors of profitability. Bike-share systems generally have these two types of user fees. One is the flat fee which can be divided into longer-term (membership users) and shorter-term (casual users). Flat fee grants access to the shared bikes for a specific period of time. Another is a usage fee based on the amount of time or riding distance that users actually spend on the bike.
A good bike-sharing system is expected to not only provide users the rideable types of bikes they need, rationale charging standards and proper station arrangement, but also make bike-sharing companies profitable.
In light of all these, the following questions were formulated:
1.	Will the peak period of station usage be related to whether it is a working day? If not, what the period of station usage depends on?
2.	Can we predict the usage duration and riding distance with the probabilities obtained from large samples?
3.	Can we predict the rideable type through the time of using the bikes and the stations?
4.	Does the membership affect the usage of time?
